Ansible Workflow:
Ansible works by connecting to your nodes and pushing out a small program called Ansible modules to them. Then Ansible executed these modules and removed them after finished. The library of modules can reside on any machine, and there are no daemons, servers, or databases required.

Ansible Server:	It is a machine where Ansible is installed and from which all tasks and playbooks will be executed.
Modules:	The module is a command or set of similar commands which is executed on the client-side.
Task:	A task is a section which consists of a single procedure to be completed.
Role:	It is a way of organizing tasks and related files to be later called in a playbook.
Fact:	The information fetched from the client system from the global variables with the gather facts operation.
Inventory:	A file containing the data regarding the Ansible client-server.
Play:	It is the execution of the playbook.
Handler:	The task is called only if a notifier is present.
Notifier:	The section attributed to a task which calls a handler if the output is changed.
Tag:	It is a name set to a task that can be used later on to issue just that specific task or group of jobs.

Inventory
Inventory is lists of nodes or hosts having their IP addresses, databases, servers, etc. which are need to be managed.

API's
The Ansible API's works as the transport for the public or private cloud services.

Modules
Ansible connected the nodes and spread out the Ansible modules programs. Ansible executes the modules and removed after finished. These modules can reside on any machine; no database or servers are required here. You can work with the chose text editor or a terminal or version control system to keep track of the changes in the content.

Plugins
Plugins is a piece of code that expends the core functionality of Ansible. There are many useful plugins, and you also can write your own.

Playbooks
Playbooks consist of your written code, and they are written in YAML format, which describes the tasks and executes through the Ansible. Also, you can launch the tasks synchronously and asynchronously with playbooks.

Hosts
In the Ansible architecture, hosts are the node systems, which are automated by Ansible, and any machine such as RedHat, Linux, Windows, etc.

Networking
Ansible is used to automate different networks, and it uses the simple, secure, and powerful agentless automation framework for IT operations and development. It uses a type of data model which separated from the Ansible automation engine that spans the different hardware quite easily.

Cloud
A cloud is a network of remote servers on which you can store, manage, and process the data. These servers are hosted on the internet and storing the data remotely rather than the local server. It just launches the resources and instances on the cloud, connect them to the servers, and you have good knowledge of operating your tasks remotely.

CMDB
CMDB is a type of repository which acts as a data warehouse for the IT installations.
